Add seq component (#584)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/logging/seq-component.md

## Example usage

In the _Program.cs_ file of your projects, call the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Hosting.AspireSeqExtensions.AddSeqEndpoint%2A> extension method to register OpenTelemetry Protocol exporters to send logs and traces to Seq and the .NET Aspire Dashboard. The method takes a connection name parameter.

```csharp
builder.AddSeqEndpoint("seq");
```

## Configuration

The .NET Aspire Seq component provides options to configure the connection to Seq.

### Use configuration providers

The .NET Aspire Seq component supports <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration?displayProperty=fullName>. It loads the `SeqSettings` from configuration by using the `Aspire:Seq` key. Example `appsettings.json` that configures some of the options:

```json
{
  "Aspire": {
    "Seq": {
      "HealthChecks": false,
      "ServerUrl": "http://localhost:5341"
    }
  }
}
```

### Use inline delegates

You can pass the `Action<SeqSettings> configureSettings` delegate to set up some or all the options inline, for example to disable health checks from code:

> ```c#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```

> builder.AddSeqEndpoint("seq", settings => {
>     settings.HealthChecks = false;
>     settings.ServerUrl = "http://localhost:5341"
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builder.AddSeqEndpoint("seq", static settings => 
{
    settings.HealthChecks = false;
    settings.ServerUrl = "http://localhost:5341"
});
```

```

## AppHost extensions

In your AppHost project, install the `Aspire.Hosting.Seq` library with [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org):

```dotnetcli
dotnet add package Aspire.Hosting.Seq
```

Then, in the _Program.cs_ file of the **.AppHost** project, register a Seq server and propagate its configuration using the following methods (note that you must accept the [Seq End User Licence Agreement](https://datalust.co/doc/eula-current.pdf) for Seq to start):

```csharp
var seq = builder.AddSeq("seq");

var myService = builder.AddProject<Projects.MyService>()
                       .WithReference(seq);
```

In the _Program.cs_ file of the **MyService** project, configure logging and tracing to Seq using the following code:

```csharp
builder.AddSeqEndpoint("seq");
```

### Persistent logs and traces

Register Seq with a data directory in your AppHost project to retain Seq's data and configuration across application restarts.

```csharp
var seq = builder.AddSeq("seq", seqDataDirectory: "./seqdata");
```

> Note that the directory specified must already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory specified must already exist.
```

### Seq in the .NET Aspire manifest

> Seq is not part of the .NET Aspire deployment manifest. It is recommended you set up a secure production Seq server outside of .NET Aspire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seq isn't part of the .NET Aspire deployment manifest. It's recommended you set up a secure production Seq server outside of .NET Aspire.
```
